hi I'm Spencer thanks again for agreeing
to participate in this card sort
activity our goal is to learn how you
think about information so that we can
organize the website in a way that makes
it easiest for you to find what you're
looking for the tool that you'll be
using today is pretty simple but it'll
be even easier after this brief
demonstration of course we won't be
looking at the same list of items that
you'll be using in your activity but
this will serve the purposes for our
demo so here's how it works
over on the left hand side you'll see
the list of items that you need to group
into categories that make the most sense
to you when you're ready to begin
drag-and-drop any one of these
categories from the left-hand side into
the main screen area
when you see something else that likely
fits in the same group go ahead and drag
and drop that into the same category
when you see something that probably
fits into a different group go ahead and
drag and drop that in to create a new
category continue to do this until
you've used all the items on the left
hand side if there's anything on the
left that you're not sure what to do
with that's okay
try it in your best to sort everything
into a category that makes sense to you
but if you can't it it'll be okay to
create a category called
I don't know what I did here is I named
the category which I'll need to do for
every item I can do this at any time
when I'm ready I'll start naming some of
the other groups as well continue to
sort all of the items until you have
everything on the left hand side
accounted for if any of the groups seems
like it's getting too long then you may
want to split that into two separate
groups for example I'll split this out
right now all you have to do is drag the
item from the group it's currently in
into a new category or into the category
that you want to put it
when you're ready don't forget that each
category does need its own name if you
place something somewhere and you learn
that it's probably not where you wanted
to put it then go ahead and move that at
any time if you need to create more room
for sorting you can go ahead and drag
and drop these groups around to organize
them in whatever way gives you the space
that you need if you're really running
out of space you can also go ahead and
collapse any of these groups and then go
ahead and expand them at any time once
you've accounted for everything on the
left-hand side and there's nothing left
and once you've given every category its
own name then you can go ahead and click
the undone button in the lower right
hand corner thank you again very much
for agreeing to participate in this
study it's really a huge help to us to
understand a little bit more about how
you organize information and what you
call things so that we can create a
website design that makes it easiest for
you to find what you're looking for
thanks again